Lastline_v2: avoid out of index error in condition (#17875)
demisto/content: Packs/Lastline/ReleaseNotes/1_0_12.md

#### Integrations
##### Lastline v2

> - Fixed `out of range` error in the ***lastline-upload-file*** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***lastline-upload-file*** command failed due to an IndexError exception.
```

> - Fixed an issue where the ***lastline-upload-file*** command failed due to an IndexError exception.

Reviewer 2: In what cases would the `IndexError` happen? I'm worried the pythonic error might not be helpful for customers.
May I suggest:
Fixed an issue where the ***lastline-upload-file*** command failed for certain inputs.
